Hey where are you going
Uh, I'm just walking around
Just turn around
Are you really here to visit?
This is the Nangang business community
Not just anyone can get in
Are you here to shop?
They are all elites in all walks of life
high end
Are you going to deliver the courier?
Just zoom in on the door
Don't wait for a while, my boyfriend is here.
Call security to kick you out
Your boyfriend? Of course
My boyfriend
But the CFO of Langang
I am now the financial manager of Lan Gang
I remember you didn't study design before?
Why are you doing finance again?
No wonder
You still don't have a decent job
I don't understand the world at all
Come and see how my boyfriend takes care of me
No work, easy 30,000
Husband misses you to death
This is
This is my old classmate
Courier
Let me introduce you, this is my boyfriend
Langang CFO Xiao Qiang
Hello
Who are you?
What is my status?
You deserve to shake my hand